Certora Audit Fixes (#12)
aave/aave-v3-horizon: docs/Horizon/Horizon-overview.md

The Horizon Instance will introduce permissioned (RWA) assets. The Aave Pool will remain the same, except that RWA assets can be used as collateral in order to borrow stablecoins. Permissioning occurs at the asset level, with each RWA token issuer enforcing asset-specific restrictions directly into their ERC-20 token. The Aave Pool is agnostic to each specific RWA implementation and its asset-level permissioning.

From an Issuer perspective, aTokens are an extension of the RWA tokens, which are securities. The aTokens will signify ownership of the supplied underlying RWA Token. To accommodate edge cases, a protocol-wide RWA aToken Transfer Admin is also added, allowing Issuers the ability to forcibly transfer RWA aTokens on behalf of end users (without needing approval). These transfers will still enforce collateralization and health factor requirements as in existing Aave peer-to-peer aToken transfers.

> As with the standard Aave instance, an asset can be listed in Horizon through the usual configuration process. This instance is primarily aimed at onboarding stablecoins for borrowing, among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with the standard Aave instance, an asset can be listed in Horizon through the usual configuration process. This instance is primarily aimed at onboarding stablecoins for borrowing.
```

## Implementation Overview

### RWA Asset (Collateral Asset)

RWA assets can be listed by utilizing a newly developed aToken contract, `RwaAToken`, which restricts the functionality of the underlying asset within the Aave Pool. These RWA assets are aimed to be used as collateral only, which is achieved through proper Pool configuration.

- RwaAToken transfers
  - users cannot transfer their own RwaATokens (transfer and allowance related methods will revert).
  - new `ATOKEN_ADMIN` can forcibly transfer users' RwaATokens without needing approval (but can still only transfer an RwaAToken amount up to a healthy collateralization/health factor).
- `RwaATokenManager` contract

>   - external RwaAToken manager smart contract which encodes granular authorized RwaAToken transfer permissions (by granting `AUTHORIZED_TRANSFER_ROLE`).

Author: here we explain what `RwaATokenManager` is, so I think it's fine to keep it as "RwaAToken manager", wdyt?

- Supply
  - can only be supplied by permissioned users allowlisted to hold RWA Token (will rely on underlying RWA asset-level permissioning).
  - can be supplied as collateral, through proper risk configuration (non-zero LTV and Liquidation Threshold).
  - cannot supply `onBehalfOf` (to align with restricting RwaAToken transfers; via RwaAToken implementation, this action will revert on `mint`).
- Borrow
  - cannot be borrowed or flashborrowed (via RwaAToken implementation, this action will revert on `transferUnderlyingTo`; also via asset configuration).
- Repay
  - N/A as it cannot be borrowed.
- Liquidation

>   - cannot liquidate into RwaATokens, by reverting on `transferOnLiquidation` when `receiveAToken` is set to `true` (only underlying RWA Token collateral can be liquidated).

Author: [4a63042](https://github.com/aave/aave-v3-horizon/pull/12/commits/4a63042d7a7e856568caddc18b9f06656d5ccfc2)

>   - cannot liquidate into RwaATokens, by reverting on `transferOnLiquidation` when `receiveAToken` is set to `true` (only underlying RWA Token collateral can be liquidated).

Author: technically this is not a standard ERC20 transfer from borrower to liquidator, but rather a transfer (through `burn` from the RwaAToken contract to the liquidator)

>   - cannot liquidate into RwaATokens, by reverting on `transferOnLiquidation` when `receiveAToken` is set to `true` (only underlying RWA Token collateral can be liquidated).

Reviewer: ah actually yes you're right it is a transfer from contract (like in withdraw) but the issuer needs to record it like it's from borrower (in both cases)

  - disbursement of Liquidation Protocol Fee is disabled (if fee is set greater than 0, it will revert on `transferOnLiquidation`; also via asset configuration).
  - liquidators are implicitly permissioned to those already allowlisted to receive underlying RWA asset (will rely on underlying RWA asset-level permissioning).
    - technically any user allowlisted to hold RWA token asset can liquidate; any further permissioning to a smaller subset of liquidators will be governed off-chain.
- Withdrawal
  - users can withdraw RWA assets to any particular address (via the `to` address in the `withdraw` function), as long as the receiver is an authorized holder of the RWA Token; this can be considered a standard ERC20 transfer and will adhere to the same restrictions imposed by the underlying RWA Token.

#### Configuration

- `enabledToBorrow` set to `false` to prevent borrowing.
- Liquidation Protocol Fee set to `0` (otherwise liquidations will revert in RwaAToken due to `transferOnLiquidation`).

> - RWA aToken Manager contract address granted the RwaAToken admin role in the ACL Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RwaATokenManager contract address granted the RwaAToken admin role in the ACL Manager.
```
